Dear Decision maker , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our publication . 
We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; 
Title 9 , Section 305 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 87 months . Have you ever 
noticed people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash and most everyone has a cellphone . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE 
will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and process your orders within seconds ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames 
who resides in Mississippi tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% . Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen 
; We know you are interested in receiving hot info 
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , 
Title 7 ; Section 305 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 85 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Jones of Vermont tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then for 
your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 80% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Decision maker ; 
Thank-you for your interest in our briefing ! If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 , Title 2 , Section 305 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 46 days . Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web plus how many people you know are on the Internet 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
100% and SELL MORE . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Anderson who resides in Ohio tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! This offer is 100% legal . DO NOT DELAY - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks . 
