Dear Decision maker , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 2 ; Section 306 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 66 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & how many people you 
know are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Ms Anderson of Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" . We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! We implore you - act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% . 
Warmest regards ! Dear E-Commerce professional ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1627 , Title 6 , Section 309 . This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 91 days . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 110% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Iowa tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . Do not go to sleep without 
ordering . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Thanks ! Dear Internet user ; Especially for you - 
this red-hot info . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1622 ; Title 1 ; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 65 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger & people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
decrease perceived waiting time by 170% plus use credit 
cards on your website ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Jones of New York tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! If 
not for you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . 