Dear Business person ; Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our newsletter 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 
, Title 4 , Section 309 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 84 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster and people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 110% and use credit cards on your website . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Mr Simpson who resides in Pennsylvania 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you 
then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 70% . Thanks . Dear Sir 
or Madam ; This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you . This is a one time mailing there is no 
need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2116 ; Title 4 ; Section 305 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 62 months . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and use credit cards on your website . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Anderson who resides in Delaware tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% 
! Best regards . Dear Salaryman , Especially for you 
- this red-hot intelligence . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 9 , Section 306 ! THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 60 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep plus decrease perceived waiting time by 150% 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Delaware tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! Don't delay - order today 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. God Bless . 