Dear Friend ; We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge news . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 ; 
Title 4 ; Section 305 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 97 days ! Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and nobody is getting any younger 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
& turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones who 
resides in Iowa tried us and says "I've been poor and 
I've been rich - rich is better" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing . So make yourself rich now by ordering 
immediately . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2216 ; Title 9 ; Section 309 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 65 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger plus people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us ! Prof Anderson who resides in Virginia tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws . If not 
for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . Cheers 
. Dear Decision maker , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2516 ; Title 6 , Section 309 . This is 
different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 99 
months ! Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills and how many 
people you know are on the Internet . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
increase customer response by 160% and use credit cards 
on your website ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in North Dakota 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! For the sake of your 
family order now ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Best regards . Dear Cybercitizen 
; Especially for you - this red-hot announcement . 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our directory . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 1 
, Section 303 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 10 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
and nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU sell more and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 160% ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Ames of Delaware tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Cheers . 