Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our publication 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 
4 ; Section 305 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 84 weeks . Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
who resides in Iowa tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" . We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 , Title 5 , Section 304 . This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 17 days . Have 
you ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash and nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Jones 
of Indiana tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! Because 
the Internet operates on "Internet time" you must hurry 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. 