Dear Friend ; We know you are interested in receiving 
breath-taking news ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , 
Title 3 ; Section 305 . This is not multi-level marketing 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 37 days ! Have you ever noticed how many 
people you know are on the Internet and most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 190% and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of 
Oregon tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now . Sign up a 
friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks . 
Dear Sir or Madam , We know you are interested in receiving 
breath-taking info ! We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 , Title 2 ; Section 302 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 86 days ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and nearly every commercial on television has a 
.com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 190% plus increase customer response by 200% . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
of Pennsylvania tried us and says "I've been poor and 
I've been rich - rich is better" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! If not for you then for 
your loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 2 
, Section 306 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 52 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you increase customer response by 200% & use credit 
cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson 
who resides in South Carolina tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" . We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws . If not 
for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Cybercitizen , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 ; Title 3 ; Section 309 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 77 days ! Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 160% ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
of Illinois tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal ! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Best regards ! 